{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\info
{\author Brennan, Bonnie}
{\operator Huffman, Jennifer}
{\*\company Microsoft}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo8\dy3\hr6\min41\sec0\timesinceref523460460}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo8\dy18\hr11\min16\sec0\timesinceref524772960}}\margl1080\margr1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs20 \cf2 Terrence M. Franklin\
Sacks, Glazier, Franklin & Lodise LLP\
Los Angeles, California\
________________________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Terrence M. Franklin (\'93Terry\'94), Partner at Sacks Glazier Franklin & Lodise, is a seasoned attorney with nearly a quarter century of experience handling trust and estates and probate litigation, disputes and appeals. \
\
Terry has extensive trial and appellate experience, including successful published appeals and the landmark 
\i Moeller 
\i0 case, which was brought before the California Supreme Court. 16 Cal. 4\super th \nosupersub 1124.\
\
An active member of the trusts and estates legal community, Terry serves as Vice-Chair of the Diversity and Inclusivity Committee of the American College of Trust and Estate Counsel (ACTEC). In addition, Terry serves on the Board of Regents of ACTEC, the California Membership Committee, and the Fiduciary Litigation Committee. \
\
Terry is a member of the Diversity Committee of the American Bar Association (ABA) Real Property, Trust and Estate Section; a former Council Member and Supervisory Council Member for the Litigation, Ethics and Malpractice Group; a Former Vice Chair of the Practice Group Management; and Former Chair of the Ethics and Malpractice Committee.\
\
Terry is frequently called upon as a speaker to national, state and local estate planning, trust, and probate groups, such as ACTEC, ABA Real Property Trust and Estate Law Section, and USC Trust and Estate Conference, where he is also a long-standing Planning Committee member. \
\
Terry has been named to the list of 
\i Southern California Super Lawyers
\i0  every year since 2005, and has been included on the list of the 
\i Best Lawyers in America
\i0  every year since 2011. \
\
Admitted to practice in California, Terry is a graduate of Harvard Law School and obtained his Bachelors of Science from Northwestern University. Prior to Sacks Glazier Franklin & Lodise, he practiced with the Los Angeles office of Morrison & Foerster and as a partner at Ross, Sacks & Glazier, LLP.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj
\cf0 \
}